The problem is that, for one reason or another, a business or individual may wish to know a list of other neighborhoods that are similar to a given neighborhood, perhaps the one in which they are currently located. For example, a business may be seeking to relocate or open a second location, and it is satisfied with its current neighborhood and thus would like to replicate it as closely as possible. As a result, the problem will take as inputs neighborhoods from within Manhattan, or possibly all of New York if the project is going well. The user would be able to input a neighborhood and a geographic requirement, and the most suitable neighborhood given these parameters would be produced. In particular, the example that this particular problem will focus on making recommendations based on certain geographic constraints as well as neighborhood similarities.


The primary data in use will be Foursquare. Information on other venues in the area will be collated and used as a part of our similarity determinations. However, I will also be scraping another website for average rent information by neighborhood, which seems eminently relevant to a business in terms of affordability concerns.  The website in question is Rent Cafe; while the values are residential, this listing is the closest to fitting the needs of the project and should at least provide a basic indicator of commerical rent. The information available in these locations will be used to produce clusters of similar neighborhoods using the k-means clustering technique. Datapoints in the same cluster as the input neighborhood will then be compared with the desired geographic coordinates, and the neighborhood that requires the minimal distance to that point will be output, along with an overview of the neighborhood’s relevant statistics; in this case, this would involve rent and the distance to the target point, although more information could be added as relevant to the situation.  
